README.md, before:

# MeleeGuessr

Think you can really guess who's playing that captain falcon - based solely off the movement? Now's your chance! Visit [MeleeGuessr](https://www.MeleeGuessr.com) and play now!

### TODOS ###
1. ~~Scoring & Leaderboard~~
2. Guess the controller! (Clips of fox/marth/pikachu), guess if classic or box controller
3. Optimizations: 
    
    a. What else can we strip from .slp file? (player input maybe? Other game settings not necessary? Any data transfer saved would save $$$)
    
    b. Look again at stripping beginning from slp (probably not possible (?) unless player states could be saved (which *probabbllyyy* takes up >= space))
4. ~~Make more character-diverse combos (current clip state:)~~
    ```
    Falco: 863,
    Marth: 407,
    Fox: 230,
    Captain Falcon: 78,
    Sheik: 29,
    Luigi: 2,
    Samus: 1,
    Roy: 1,
    Jigglypuff: 1,
    Donkey Kong: 1,
    Yoshi: 1,
    Mario: 1,
    Link: 1,
    Peach: 1
    __________________
    Mang0: 930,
    Zain: 185,
    KoDoRiN: 173,
    S2J: 65,
    null: 44,
    Reeve: 28,
    Fiction: 28,
    Magi: 27,
    Albert: 26,
    Spark: 18,
    TheRealThing: 16,
    KJH: 15,
    Cody Schwab: 14,
    Lucky: 9,
    ???: 5,
    Gahtzu: 8,
    Rishi: 7,
    SFAT: 5,
    Shroomed: 1,
    Ginger: 1,
    Wizzrobe: 1,
    2saint: 1,
    Plup: 3,
    JoshMan: 2,
    N3zModGod: 1,
    Asashi: 1,
    Medz: 2,
    lloD: 1
    ```

5. Filter for combos ??? (doesn't affect high score)
6. Add missing projectiles/items to game
    a. Pikachu/pichu down b

Commit message:

add upload.ts, remove old-scripts, add score tracker, fix 8:01:00 timer bug, update players

README.md, after:

# MeleeGuessr

Think you can really guess who's playing that captain falcon - based solely off the movement? Now's your chance! Visit [MeleeGuessr](https://www.MeleeGuessr.com) and play now!

## CLIP GENERATION ##
1. Run clippi on directory of .slps - name .json output as profile name (ex: default.json, bettercombos.json)
2. Edit convert.ts to target above output json file and run `ts-node convert.ts`
3. Copy \\NOAH-PC\Clout\Backups\MeleeGuessrSlp\2.0\converted\all.json to meleeguessr-server\clips.json
4. Run `npm run test`, it will cleanup the clips.json and cut clips directory, run again (should be success)
5. Verify clips.json and clips files match in length, **(make sure clips s3 BUCKET is empty)** run `npm run upload`
6. Deploy new API with `npm run sam`

### TODOS ###
1. ~~Scoring & Leaderboard~~
2. Guess the controller! (Clips of fox/marth/pikachu), guess if classic or box controller
3. Optimizations: 
    
    a. What else can we strip from .slp file? (player input maybe? Other game settings not necessary? Any data transfer saved would save $$$)
    
    b. Look again at stripping beginning from slp (probably not possible (?) unless player states could be saved (which *probabbllyyy* takes up >= space))
4. ~~Make more character-diverse combos (current clip state:)~~
    ```
    Falco: 863,
    Marth: 407,
    Fox: 230,
    Captain Falcon: 78,
    Sheik: 29,
    Luigi: 2,
    Samus: 1,
    Roy: 1,
    Jigglypuff: 1,
    Donkey Kong: 1,
    Yoshi: 1,
    Mario: 1,
    Link: 1,
    Peach: 1
    __________________
    Mang0: 930,
    Zain: 185,
    KoDoRiN: 173,
    S2J: 65,
    null: 44,
    Reeve: 28,
    Fiction: 28,
    Magi: 27,
    Albert: 26,
    Spark: 18,
    TheRealThing: 16,
    KJH: 15,
    Cody Schwab: 14,
    Lucky: 9,
    ???: 5,
    Gahtzu: 8,
    Rishi: 7,
    SFAT: 5,
    Shroomed: 1,
    Ginger: 1,
    Wizzrobe: 1,
    2saint: 1,
    Plup: 3,
    JoshMan: 2,
    N3zModGod: 1,
    Asashi: 1,
    Medz: 2,
    lloD: 1
    ```

5. Filter for combos ??? (doesn't affect high score)
6. Add missing projectiles/items to game
    a. Pikachu/pichu down b
